madhuranjani.namburi-ext@alstomgroup.com
M@dhu#kad123

madhuranjani.namburi@quest-global.com
Capganju@441


pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host pypi.python.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org
https://teams.microsoft.com/v2/
https://mysignins.microsoft.com/security-info

https://www.udemy.com/course/python-test/?couponCode=KEEPLEARNING
https://quest-global.csod.com/ui/lms-learning-details/app/onlineContent/57ce0584-2a02-5152-98a5-4e9a41bf6283
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g56e2YowN38&list=PLFV6T8f5WU2FRO_Hu7q9b18yB1P98NSZd



Also you need to give details information as below: Keep this as treference
 
•Number of hours saved per half-yearly for 1 Resource for 1 Environment Setup = 195 hours (26 Weeks*7.5 hours=195)
•Similarly, Number of hours saved per half-yearly for 6 Resource for 1 Environment Setup = 1,170 hours
•Billing rate/ rate card considered=  20.50$ per hour
•Revenue per half-yearly 1 Resource for 1 Environment Setup : 195 * 20.5 = 3,997.5 $
•Similarly, Number of hours saved half-yearly for 6 Resource=1170*3 Environment Setup = 3,510 hours
Revenue for 6 Resource for 3 Environment Setup for half-yearly= 3,510 *20.5= 71,955
 
 
The tool saves on an average around 50% of time for both generation and review of the config files as it ensures all the signaling objects are valid in the config files.
Different config files have different level of complexity (from few 100 lines to 10000+ lines), based on our experience it takes 12 weeks or 480 hours of effort to generate all the config files for the project from scratch. It will take 3 weeks of time for reviewing it i.e. 120 hours.
 
Total number of hours for manual generation and review = 600 hours
Total Number hours saved per project using tool (50%)  = 300 hours
Number of projects per year on an average = 20                                                                                                                       
Total number of hours saved per year (b*c) : (300 * 20) = 6000 hours 
Billing rate/ rate card considered  = 23 $ per hour
Revenue per year (e*f) : (6000 * 23) = 138,000 $
ROI should be >= 5
------------------------
he Tools Unite Delivery Tool is a platform used within ALSTOM to facilitate the management and delivery of various tools and resources required for project execution. It is part of efforts to standardize and improve processes across different teams and projects.
Key Features of Tools Unite Delivery Tool:
Project Management: The tool helps in tracking project milestones, resource allocation, and timelines, ensuring that projects stay on schedule and within budget.
Collaboration: It promotes collaboration among various teams by providing a centralized platform for sharing information, documents, and updates related to tool delivery.
Resource Management: The tool aids in inventory and resource management, allowing teams to monitor the availability of tools and equipment to ensure readiness for project activities.
Reporting and Analytics: It provides dashboards and reporting features that offer insights into project progress, resource utilization, and efficiency metrics.
Standardization: By utilizing a unified tool, ALSTOM aims to standardize processes and reduce variability in tool delivery across different projects and locations.
Support and Training: Often, such tools come with resources for user support and training to ensure that employees can effectively use the platform to its full potential.
For specific functionalities and usage guidelines of the Tools Unite Delivery Tool within ALSTOM, please refer to internal documentation or consult with your project manager or IT support.
------------------------------
The OTE (On-Train Equipment) Tester is a tool used in the railway sector, particularly for testing and verifying the functionality of on-board systems and components. Its primary purpose is to ensure that all equipment critical for train operation, safety, and passenger services are functioning correctly.
Key Purposes of the OTE Tester:
Functional Testing: It verifies that on-train systems, such as signaling, communication, and control equipment, are operating according to specified standards and requirements.
Safety Assurance: The OTE Tester plays a crucial role in ensuring that safety-critical systems are functioning correctly, supporting the overall safety of train operations.
System Diagnostics: It can perform diagnostics on various components to identify issues or malfunctions, allowing for timely maintenance and repairs.
Compliance Verification: The tester ensures that on-train equipment meets regulatory and operational standards, which is essential for compliance with safety regulations.
Performance Analysis: The OTE Tester can provide insights into the performance of on-train systems, helping to identify areas for improvement or optimization.
User Training: It can also serve as a training tool for personnel involved in the maintenance and operation of train systems.
By conducting thorough testing using the OTE Tester, railway operators can enhance the reliability and safety of their services. For specific guidelines on the use and functionalities of the OTE Tester at ALSTOM, please refer to internal documentation or consult with relevant project teams.
--------------------------

The Radio Block Center (RBC) is a critical component in modern rail signaling systems, particularly in the context of European Train Control System (ETCS) implementations. It plays a vital role in ensuring safe and efficient train operations by managing train movements within a specific segment of track.
Key functions of the Radio Block Center include:
Real-time Train Positioning: The RBC continuously monitors the position of trains using radio communication, allowing for accurate tracking and timing of train movements.
Signal Management: It provides block signals to trains, controlling their speed and movements based on real-time data, ensuring safety through the enforcement of speed limits and safe distance between trains.
Communication: The RBC facilitates communication between the trains and the control center, allowing for dynamic adjustments and responses to changing conditions on the tracks.
Integration with Other Systems: It often interfaces with other signaling and control systems, enhancing interoperability and overall network efficiency.
By utilizing advanced technology for train control and monitoring, the RBC contributes significantly to improving the safety and reliability of rail transport systems. For specific project details or implementations related to RBC at ALSTOM, please refer to internal documentation or project leads.

-------------------------------
The European Rail Traffic Management System (ERTMS) is a major initiative aimed at standardizing the communication and signaling systems used across Europe’s railway networks. Its primary goal is to enhance safety, increase capacity, and improve interoperability among different rail systems.
Key components of ERTMS include:
ETCS (European Train Control System): This component is responsible for train control and ensuring safety by monitoring train speeds and movements. ETCS provides real-time information to train drivers and automates signaling to prevent collisions and derailments.
GSM-R (Global System for Mobile Communications – Railway): This is a secure communication system that enables radio communication between train operators and control centers. It facilitates real-time data transfer, enhancing coordination and response times in train operations.
Interoperability: ERTMS promotes the seamless movement of trains across national borders by providing a unified set of standards, reducing the need for multiple signaling systems on different networks.
Safety and Efficiency: By standardizing signaling and control mechanisms, ERTMS reduces human error and increases the overall efficiency of rail operations, allowing for higher train frequencies and improved service reliability.
Implementing ERTMS contributes to the modernization of railway infrastructure, supporting sustainable transport solutions across Europe. For specific projects or implementations related to ERTMS at ALSTOM, please refer to internal resources or project documentation.
------------------------------------
RBC Handover refers to the process in which a train transitions from one Radio Block Center (RBC) to another as it moves along the rail network. This is particularly relevant in contexts where multiple RBCs are managing train operations across different sections of track.
Key Elements of RBC Handover:
Seamless Transition: The handover process ensures that train control and monitoring remain continuous and uninterrupted during the transition between RBCs.
Data Synchronization: Prior to the handover, important data, such as train position, speed, and operational parameters, are communicated from the current RBC to the next. This ensures that the new RBC has the necessary information to manage the train safely.
Communication: Effective communication between the two RBCs is crucial for a smooth handover. This involves confirming that the receiving RBC is prepared to take control of the train.
Safety Checks: During the handover process, various safety checks are performed to ensure that the train remains within safe operating parameters and that all systems are functioning correctly.
Operational Efficiency: RBC Handover processes are designed to minimize delays and improve the overall efficiency of train operations, contributing to better service reliability.
Standardized Procedures: There are defined protocols and procedures for handling RBC handovers, ensuring that operations are consistent and meet regulatory requirements.
Understanding and implementing effective RBC handover procedures is vital for maintaining the safety and efficiency of rail transport systems. For specific guidelines and processes related to RBC handover at ALSTOM, please refer to internal documentation or consult with project teams
------------------------------------------------
In an ERTMS (European Rail Traffic Management System) project, the role of a tester is crucial for ensuring that the systems and components function correctly and meet all regulatory and safety standards. Below are the typical roles and responsibilities of a tester in such a project:
Roles and Responsibilities:
Test Planning:
Develop and document test plans outlining the scope, objectives, and resources required for testing.
Identify testing strategies and approaches relevant to ERTMS components.
Test Case Development:
Create detailed test cases based on system specifications, requirements, and user stories.
Ensure that test cases cover all functional and non-functional aspects of the system, including safety, performance, and interoperability.
Execution of Tests:
Execute test cases and document the results meticulously.
Conduct various types of testing, such as functional, integration, regression, and performance testing.
Defect Identification and Reporting:
Identify, classify, and document defects or issues found during testing.
Work with development and engineering teams to communicate findings and facilitate timely resolution.
System Integration Testing:
Collaborate with other teams to conduct integration testing between ERTMS components and existing systems to ensure seamless operation.
Compliance Verification:
Ensure that tests are aligned with ERTMS requirements and regulations to meet safety and interoperability standards.
Documentation and Reporting:
Maintain comprehensive documentation of test processes, including test plans, test cases, and test results.
Prepare status reports and communicate findings with project stakeholders.
User Acceptance Testing (UAT):
Support User Acceptance Testing by assisting end-users in validating that the system meets their needs and expectations.
Collaboration:
Work closely with cross-functional teams, including developers, project managers, and system engineers, to ensure alignment on project goals.
Continuous Improvement:
Participate in lessons learned sessions and contribute to improving testing processes and methodologies based on feedback and outcomes.
By effectively fulfilling these responsibilities, a tester plays a critical role in the successful delivery and implementation of the ERTMS project, ensuring that the system operates safely and efficiently. For specific details related to testing roles and responsibilities at ALSTOM, please refer to internal resources or project documentation.